NoitaMap.Docs/NoitaChunk.md, before:

# Noita Chunk
Chunks are the world cell/pixel data that make up the terrain

Chunks also include all of the physics bodies contained in them

Chunks support up to 128 materials and allow pixels to have custom colors

## Chunk Format

```
BE int      version, should always be 24
BE int      chunk width, should always be 512
BE int      chunk height, should alwayus be 512

byte[]      raw/unindexed cell data
string[]    list of the names of all materials in the cell, indexed into by the cell data
Rgba32[,]   list of the custom colors of the cells, indexed into when the first bit of the raw cell data is set, and then increment the index

PhysicsObject[] all of the physics objects in the chunk

int         should always end in an extra zero int, not sure why
```

## Physics Object Format

```
u/long      unknown 64bit int
uint        unknown 32bit uint
float       pos.x
float       pos.y
float       rotation
u/long[5]   5 unknown 64 bit int/uints
bool[5]     5 unknown booleans
float       unknown float
uint        pixels width
uint        pixels height
Rgba32[,]   raw pixel data for this physics object
```


## Cell data -> Cell color
Here is some pseudocode to decode cell data into raw pixel data:

```
for (int x = 0; x < ChunkSize; x++)
{
    for (int y = 0; y < ChunkSize; y++)
    {
        Cell = cells[x, y];

        int material = cell.MaterialIndex;

        if (cell.HasCustomColor)
        {
            pixelData[x, y] = cell.CustomColor;
        }
        else
        {
            // Air
            if (material == 0)
            {
                continue;
            }

            Material mat = materials[material];

            int wx = (x + (X * ChunkSize)) * 6;
            int wy = (y + (Y * ChunkSize)) * 6;

            int colorX = ((wx % Material.MaterialWidth) + Material.MaterialWidthM1) % Material.MaterialWidthM1;
            int colorY = ((wy % Material.MaterialHeight) + Material.MaterialHeightM1) % Material.MaterialHeightM1;

            pixelData[x, y] = mat.MaterialTexture[colorY, colorX];
        }
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Start document world_tree.bin, physics object doc!!!

NoitaMap.Docs/NoitaChunk.md, after:

# Noita Chunk
Chunks are the world cell/pixel data that make up the terrain

Chunks also include all of the physics bodies contained in them

Chunks support up to 128 materials and allow pixels to have custom colors

## Chunk Format

```
BE int      version, should always be 24
BE int      chunk width, should always be 512
BE int      chunk height, should alwayus be 512

byte[]      raw/unindexed cell data
string[]    list of the names of all materials in the cell, indexed into by the cell data
Rgba32[,]   list of the custom colors of the cells, indexed into when the first bit of the raw cell data is set, and then increment the index

PhysicsObject[] all of the physics objects in the chunk

int         should always end in an extra zero int, not sure why
```

## Physics Object Format

```
ulong       id 
uint        material type
float       pos.x
float       pos.y
float       rotation
u/long[5]   5 unknown 64 bit doubles, maybe 2 vec2d's relating to the permiter of the body or something?
bool[5]     5 unknown booleans, 4 relating to the body, 1 relating to physics bridge. probably stuff like going through sand, collision mask, etc.
float       unknown float, relating to physics bridge
uint        pixels width
uint        pixels height
Rgba32[,]   raw pixel data for this physics object
```


## Cell data -> Cell color
Here is some pseudocode to decode cell data into raw pixel data:

```
for (int x = 0; x < ChunkSize; x++)
{
    for (int y = 0; y < ChunkSize; y++)
    {
        Cell = cells[x, y];

        int material = cell.MaterialIndex;

        if (cell.HasCustomColor)
        {
            pixelData[x, y] = cell.CustomColor;
        }
        else
        {
            // Air
            if (material == 0)
            {
                continue;
            }

            Material mat = materials[material];

            int wx = (x + (X * ChunkSize)) * 6;
            int wy = (y + (Y * ChunkSize)) * 6;

            int colorX = ((wx % Material.MaterialWidth) + Material.MaterialWidthM1) % Material.MaterialWidthM1;
            int colorY = ((wy % Material.MaterialHeight) + Material.MaterialHeightM1) % Material.MaterialHeightM1;

            pixelData[x, y] = mat.MaterialTexture[colorY, colorX];
        }
    }
}
```
